Ugh
but it is not different sweetness concentration
design
this is more concentrated
sweeter techniques
the flagship here comes down from the sky
you don't deserve everything
promotions
andrea giorgetti
welcome to our kitchen
I am updating this tower of the red saracino restaurant
must
for almost twenty years
let's try to delight version and today we tell you
ak a good story is the story of a product
very tied to the Italian root
what do you have. free of balsamic
we have
examples of balsamic vinegar here
that you are giving me condiments
I forget the very particular characteristics
we have two different concentrations
so we have
a product like a sugary note
the important thing is therefore a much more concentrated
and this is a must
true concentrate where we have
the 9 and 10 ita a little more pronounced
it's a sweetness let's say slightly less
pronounced radigue state product
karlova save these your contacts
now
let's imagine contexts where we
we can enhance these characteristics by enhancing the characteristics
here is good with the first course
clearly I am I am on the sea then
for me it was fun to contextualize this
seasonings in a fish dish
here we have a parabite that is a blue fish
very good very delicate
as you see here we have
practically roasted
on the side was this fish
strong brace sura
in order to have a toasting effect
very particular digusto
we immediately cooled the fish
and therefore we have this red cooking
in the center
and this part instead
posted as I said so very tasty
I go to make the corpse be a contrast of consists
but also a contrast of taste
we must of broccoli sprouts
to this is a tom broccoli herb to our traditional
which has a bitter note
then we have a tomato water apple jelly
pro to refresh your breath a little
and then these oysters
that we marinated in this sarnico bar
here the game which is the health my oyster life
with sweetness in this pleasant acidity
denisa product - concentrated because
here too much sweetness would have been a little
pasqui library the dish
then sand imagined a speech
ap1 of different tastes because
the fish in this way has a pretty taste
however neutral for dedicated fish then
it was very important from some notes
via maroc
cornalba broccoli leaf
via fresco of tomato
edit
Saturday and dessert
villa ustica never born in the year of the vassal
here we put again
of the drops
marinade precisely because we have salt and sweetness
surrender much more dynamic dish
much more
u much more tasty fast
because many battles away dynamically work slowly
at this point
oviedo and we complete
with a few drops
lowering dv even more
intensity
a very versatile product is included one can imagine so many contexts
he is alone
just know the bust
and to imagine that I can stay
well to accompany dishes of different of controls a group of fish
rather than
two of the most diverse pages we try to make
of emporium decontextualization but
but imprints lends itself to many uses for snacks
so this is the dish
a dish also
simple enough
once we have all the right ingredients as usual
but a dish with tastes
very Italian very much
modern and at the same time
very stylish